Add Maven Enforcer Rule to automatically enforce Dependency Management Guidelines during PR check-in (Part 2) (#15795)
apache/pinot: pinot-dependency-verifier/README.md

- pinot-plugins
- pinot-connectors
- pinot-integration-tests
- pinot-tools
- contrib
- pinot-dependency-verifier

That means when you run the full project build, those modules will be excluded from dependency‐verifier validation.

## Two-Phase Build Workflow

Maven resolves plugin dependencies before building reactor modules. This means it cannot build the verifier JAR and 
use it in the same build cycle. Therefore, any changes to the `pinot-dependency-verifier` module must follow a
two-phase process:

### Phase 1 - Build & Install the Verifier Module

From the repo root, build and install only `pinot-dependency-verifier` without triggering verification.
This ensures the artifact is available in the local Maven repository:

```bash
mvn clean install \
  -pl pinot-dependency-verifier \
  -am \
  -DskipTests \
  -Drun.dependency.verifier=false
   ```

### Phase 2 – Full Reactor Build + Dependency Verifier

Run the full Pinot build with the Enforcer Plugin enabled to execute the custom rule:

```bash
   mvn clean verify \
      -Pbin-dist,dependency-verifier \
      -Drun.dependency.verifier=true \
      -DskipTests
   ``````

## Running the Plugin

> To manually run the enforcer plugin across the entire Pinot codebase:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manually run the enforcer plugin without the customized rule:
```
